Look at you, tell me,
What is this? That's what I said.
If you can't hit it with one blow,
We can’t take out the results of this strong parent-child relationship too early.
What to do now? You ordered privately,
Since my wife and I are determined to be parents.
Yes, I have always welcomed your relationship.
Unexpectedly, the result was the same as I guessed,
Shengyun's wife is not a scolding son at all. Rather,
Brother, why are you so early?
Where are you going to rest? yes,
Look at you, how could Yun’s wife not be a Bo Bo child?
What happened to you there? You put it all here,
Don't believe him
How could I not be your son?
I know you are dissatisfied with Yuan Qixi
But you shouldn't leave me in private
Go to QQ for parent-child support